This is the second Milestone Project from the Udemy Python course.
The goal is to create a (simplified) blackjack game.
Not interested in cards, have never played blackjack, don't know
anything about it so that is not very helpful.

The idea is to use OOP for this programme.

There will be a computer as dealer and Milestone human player.

The normal deck of cards will be used so a representation of this
will have to be created in Python.

The human player has an attribute (bankroll) from which he can place
a bet.

The player starts with two cards face up; the computer dealer
starts with one card face up, one card face down.

The player goes first. Player goal:
- get closer to value of 21 than the computer dealer does, or
- get 21 points on his first two cards, or
- let the dealer draw additional cards until dealer exceeds 21.

Actions:
  1) HIT = receive another card from the deck
  2) STAY = stop receiving cards
Other blackjack actions are ignored to keep the game simple.

Once player is finished, the computer dealer takes the turn. The dealer
will hit (get card from deck) until either it beats the player or the
dealer is bust, i.e. goes over 21.

The game ends when:
  1) player goes over 21 even before the dealer goes: player is bust and
     loses the bet. The dealer collects the money;
  2) player hits 21 and is the winner, gets double the bet money;
  3) computer dealer goes, can beat the player if 21 right away;
  4) computer dealer hits closer to 21 than player;
  4) computer busts and player has won: in this case the player gets
     double their bet money in their bankroll.

SPECIAL RULES:
- Face cards (King, Queen, Jack) count as a value of 10.
- Ace can count as either 1 or 11, whichever the player prefers
- Rest of the cards have value as printed on them.

COMPLETE OVERVIEW OF STEPS:

To play a hand of Blackjack the following steps must be followed:

    Create a deck of 52 cards
    Shuffle the deck
    Ask the Player for their bet
    Make sure that the Player's bet does not exceed their available chips
    Deal two cards to the Dealer and two cards to the Player
    Show only one of the Dealer's cards, the other remains hidden
    Show both of the Player's cards
    Ask the Player if they wish to Hit, and take another card
    If the Player's hand doesn't Bust (go over 21), ask if they'd like to Hit again.
    If a Player Stands, play the Dealer's hand. The dealer will always Hit until the Dealer's value meets or exceeds 17
    Determine the winner and adjust the Player's chips accordingly
    Ask the Player if they'd like to play again
